I want a Sanbox Board game App, to help me Prototype a tabletop game.
The Map is a Grid, with 3 Sections: Player 1, a buffer zone in between and Player 2.
The two players have different colors.
The Map Size should be configurable, start with 3x3 Player, and 3x1 Buffer Zone.
There are 3 Unit Types, Infantry, Cavalry and Artillery. The Units are represented  by Markers with the unit count written on them.
Unit-Markers have also a Losses counter, and States which are shown on the Unit-Marker.
Add a rounds counter in the Top corner.
There are two Modes, Play Mode and Sanbox Mode, make it is possible to switch Modes.

In Sanbox Mode:
It is possible to place new markers, edit existing ones or move them freely. 
Multiple Markers (also from the same unit Type and different Players) can be on the same Tile. 
It is possible to change the State on every Marker, to indicate reloading, moved or other states of the units.
Units can have multiple states at once.
It is possible to Edit, remove and make new possible states to choose from.
Make the Moving Markers work by long press drag an drop. 
In general, it should be possible to edit any parmeter in this mode. 

In Play Mode:
The Units placed in Sandbox mode should now have the following Rules:

One Player is the Attacker, the other the defender, can be changed in sandbox mode.

The Attacker always begins each Phase.

Phases:
1. Cavallery Move
2. Aktion (Shoot, Close Combat, Reload)
3. Move All Units

Cavalry Move:
- all Cavalry units can move 1 Tile
- Starting with all Cavalry Units from the Attacker, then the ones from the Defender.
- Cav. Can only move when not in Close Combat

Actions:
- Every unit does its action
- Units can Shoot, Reload, Fight in close Combat or Wait
- All Actions happen at the same time, from game logic perspective. The Losses are counted and shown on the Units, and cumulatively applied when ending the Action phase.

Move:
- All Units can move here (Yes Cav can move again) 
- Units can only move when not Reloaded, Shot, or Fought in Close Combat in the Action-Phase
- The Move Order is fixed: Attacking Cav, Defending Cav, Attacking Inf, Defending inf, Attacking Arti, Defending Arti

General Rules:
- Before shooting again, a Unit must reload for one Action Phase.
- Units can not shoot enemy units on the same tile.
- Enemy Units on the same tile enter close combat.
- Moving out of Close Combat can only be done when both players withdraw / not fight close combat with this Unit in the Action Phase
- Units can Seperate, Splitting 10 Infantry in 3 and 7, those two Armies can do different Things, one could Shoot, the other wait and move.

Game Mechanics:
Hit Rate - represents the Probability of a successful hit of a unit.
Probability is only used for statistically uncertain events. When the Unit Count times the Hit Probability is above One, only the fraction is calculated with probability.
Example: 8 Units with Hit Rate 1/6 shoot.
From 6 Units 1 Unit will hit statistically, so only for Unit 7 an 8 the Probability 1/6 is actually calculated. Resulting in 1 Hit and a 2/6 Probability for a 2. Hit.

Damage - Dmg
How many Enemy Units are killed when hit.
x2 vs Unit, means double the units killed when hit.

Range
How many Tiles the Unit can Shoot.

Unit Stats:

Artillery
Ranged Attack:
2/6 Hit Rate, 10 Range, 1 Dmg, Dmg x2 vs Infantry
Close Combat:
1/6 Hit, 1 dmg
Movement:
1 Tile

Cavalry
Ranged Attack:
None
Close Combat:
2/6 Hit Rate, 1 Dmg, Dmg x2 vs Artillery
Movement:
1 Tile

Infantry
Ranged Attack:
2/6 Hit Rate, 2 Range, 1 Dmg
Close Combat:
1/6 Hit, 1 Dmg
Movement:
1 Tile


Changes:
In Sandbox Mode there is the possibility to edit all parameters of the Units, and some of the Game Mechanics.
All Stats of the Units should be editable.
Stats changes apply to all units of that type for all players.

Game Mechanics Options
Retreat from Close Combat - Units can move out of close combat, when not fought in Action phase, even when the enemy is fighting in close combat in the Action phase.
(Leads to losses for the retreating player, but the unit can move out of combat, without the enemy having to do the same)

Upgrades:
Upgrades are available through Sandbox mode, and are activated for all units of that type for the same player.

Infantry upgrade
- Fire and Run - Infantry is able to move in Move Phase after Shooting or Reloading
- Bored Rifles - Infantry +1 Hit Rate from 2/6 to 3/6
- Bayonet - Infantry +1 Close Combat from 1/6 to 2/6

Cavalry Upgrade
- Break Through 1 - Cavalry can move out of Close combat in both move phases, even when fighting before in the Action phase.
- Break Through 2 - Cavalry can move out of Close combat in the Cavalry move phase, and in the General move Phase only when not fighting before in the Action phase.
- Unsaddle - when Hit by Ranged Attack, instead of dying cavalry becomes normal Infantry
- Dragoons, Cavalry get a Ranged Attack, with 1/6 Hit Rate, 1 Range, 1 Dmg, Shooting and Reloading dont prevent them from moving in both their move phases.


Artillery Upgrades
Artillery gets to choose the used Ammunition before Shooting. The Ammunition can be changed every Shot. Different Ammunition changes the Stats of the Artillery.
- Canister Shot - Possible choosable Ammunition, 4/6 Hit Rate, 2 Range, 4 Dmg vs infantry, 3 dmg vs Cavalry, 2 Dmg vs Artillery
- Granade - Possible choosable Ammunition, 2/6 Hit Rate, 10 Range, 3 Dmg vs Infantry, 2 Dmg vs Cavalry, 1 Dmg vs Artillery
- Bored Barrel - Hit Rate +1, from 2/6 to 3/6


It is possible to activate multiple Upgrades, (Except the two versions of Break Through 1/2 are exclusive), and to edit the Stats of Upgrades in the Sandbox Mode.

Tech Idee:
Meat Shild - Friendly Fire reduced